[Music]
oh
uh welcome to the big chill seven
dollars and 23 cents
don't if you tip me i have to sing
really
okay i'm going to break wait wait wait
it seems like i made you mad that's not
what i want to do cause
baby me and you could go together like a
double scoop fine
you want me home after work perfect it's
a date it's not a date it sure sounds
like a day
so saturday here i'll pick you up at
seven it's a date
okay fine but just once and it's not a
day
does this girl have a name isabel one
more
one more me and my dad we try to
formulate a plan
honor society student council track blah
blah blah
is that what you really want though come
with me whoa that's called my boof of
proof
let me see what you got no i don't rap
dude you're wasting time
see you later one i'm sorry man
look just because i know what i want
doesn't mean i always get it but at
least i'm honest with myself
what do you want i want to take you out
again
people do things when they're dating i'm
not dating darren you're gonna have to
leave
do you even like me it's not that simple
everywhere i'd look i see you i'm just
chasing after something oh just stop
just stop
i have a year to live if that life goes
on it moves like a merry-go-round you
know it's not always
easy but nothing ever is that's why we
make plans all right
let's run away i have a plan izzy we're
gonna live our full life all the
milestones all in this year
me and you go away darren i don't
believe in happy endings
believe in me one condition
anything you have to stop saying i love
you
you want folks to fill your music you
got to feel it first so what you got for
me
something but it's rough that's more
than what most people got
the only way to learn about life is by
living
and i've learned that every moment is
your moment
[Music]
if you can manage to look past your own
fears and everyone else's expectations
the reward is your life
how you doing son marina
i as commanding officer myself i only
lost one marine
his best friend waited there guarding
his body until it could be extracted
you ever hear that story before son i
always wanted to meet
the man that carried my son off that
field
when i got out of the military all i
learned is fighting
but i want you to be different
vic what are you doing here man
paying some bills
i want to give you all the better stuff
you mind rolling with him
that's travis prince man he just won
brazilian nationals what are you doing
here
we gotta fight
there is always some theoretical fighter
who thinks he can take on the pros
i looked in his eyes oh he's got it
you got sucker punched by bling
everybody's gonna want to see a rematch
my flesh made a medal once you clap
hands and go there's no hiding
you about to dance with the devil that
mat is gonna expose every lie and
confirm every
[Applause]
i was truth for this exists
it's all or nothing come on
[Music]
what did you do that for that's the easy
fix i got i have a
screwdriver in the car i thought about
doing stand-up comedy you tell jokes
it's pretty scary to come up here i have
a friend who's been wanting to try to
stand up but he's a little chicken
[Music]
dave is our best friend good day i'm so
scared right now
most of the time i felt like they were
married and i was just a bystander
hey buddy it's matt want to see how you
were doing hi brilliant
hi fart face mom
hi girls hi froot loop hey
how you feeling tired thanks for being
here i won't miss it
can we talk for a minute matt it's going
to get very hard you're going to see
things from nicole
never seen before you don't need to do
this alone i can come and help you get
to the other side of this
i'd love to have you how long did you
kill me up there
i'm hoping just a couple weeks i just
want to make sure matt gets back on his
feet
i usually make breakfast and dinner
maybe you can take some of that weight
off
speaking of us hoping you call me
grandma dane sure molly
excuse me sure i'll call you grandma
dang thank you
i want to make a list i'd like to write
letters to the girls
for certain milestones in their lives i
want to have blue hair
molly will you tell me when it's
happening it's not happening her entire
life she's wanted to be the grand
marshal of mardi gras
and i want to sing on stage with katy
perry that all seems pretty doable
does it
you've been gone for three months now i
thought that you were gonna be gone for
a couple weeks
what changed i got here and i saw that
one person can't do this job
i'm still a valid person yeah you are
but you're gonna take it
i don't think you're this upset because
i'm late what's happening to mom i think
you're mad because mom is sick
why are you so hard on your dad
mother you've broken my body i saw you
smile
people don't look at me when they talk
to me anymore you're the most beautiful
woman i've ever seen
you always will be
you know you don't have to stick around
nicole's my best friend too i'm happy to
be here
i have to ask you something i'm not sure
how
scary yeah
[Music]
so how long would you say you've been
experiencing symptoms
like a month i can remember some things
but
other things are just gone like uh
details i can't do details
they call it nia neuroinflammatory
affliction
and it can affect anyone like the man
picked up by a fishing bow
it turned out he was another fisherman
couldn't remember how to steer his belt
so he decided to swim home
and then a pilot forgot how to fly
listen carefully
if you are experiencing nia symptoms i
need you
over here the government have the true
cure
they've been keeping nia on the streets
there's no one to be going crazy
this is not a proven cure we urge
everyone to remain calm
so the treatment is it like a pill or
we'll be doing an oral cranial puncture
sorry what the brain is separated
into four major lobes think of it as
clearing a clogged pathway
who am i how old am i
what's my favorite color
[Music]
you're my wife emma vida ryerson
williams
you're 28 your favorite color is
yellow oh tremor me in me
i remember a water park what time of
year was it
summer no
winter where you just bought a fish
when he first started to lose his memory
dude kept it a secret
just like everyone did batman all these
little pieces
i find myself wondering how to build a
future if you keep having to rebuild the
past
[Music]
they say you can't forget feelings and i
still believe that
but is it some fish yeah i caught it
with you
why do you tattoo fresh yeah
are you okay
[Music]
you